Spawn:

Spawn will act as a protection, no one is allowed to build or to kill/mug anyone in Spawn.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
General Rules:

1. Do not RDM(Random Deathmatch): You are not allowed to kill anyone unless you have a valid RP reason.
2. Do not CDM(Car Deathmatch): Do not run over people at all, enable no-collision on your car to prevent CDM.
3. Do not break NLR(New Life Rule): When you died, you will forget everything that happened to you in your previous life. You are also not allowed to go back to the area you died for 5 minutes. If you are killed in a raid, NLR lasts for 5 minutes.
4. Do not RDA(Random Arrest): Do not arrest anyone without legit RP reason. If you are arresting a guy who killed you previously, Rule 3 applies.
5. Do not Mic-Spam: Do not play music, or generally spam through the microphone, disrupting communications of people around you. Unless you are RPing as a hobo. (or when the DJ is broken)
6. Do not use Voice Changers: Do not use any programs that will modify how you sound, you will be gagged if you do.
7. Do not Prop Spam: Do not spam/spawn props for no reason. The props will be deleted and if it is severe, you will be kicked.
8. Do not Prop Kill: Props aren't weapons, guns are. If you prop killed someone, you will be kicked. If the propkill is severe, you will be banned.
9. Do not Prop Block: Do not block areas with props to ensure that no one could get through.
10. Do not Prop Climb: Do not use a prop just to get over a fenced in area, to get across the barrier or to reach otherwise unreachable places.
11. Do not Prop Surf: Do not use a prop to make yourself fly.
12. Do not Prop Push: Do not use a prop to push a player.
13. Respect all admins: Please respect all admins and do not talk trash to them. If they are abusing, hold your anger, take screenshots of their abusing, then post it into forums or contact a high admin ingame using PM.
14. No offensive sprays allowed: Users who have sprays that are considered offensive(hentai/porn/homophobic/racism) will be banned for 2 weeks with no exception. Continued breaking of this rule will end with more than 1 month ban.
15. Do not Backseat Administrate: When you see a player Mass-RDM or Propkill, do not propkill or kill him back, Rule 1 and Rule 8 applies. Arresting the Prop Killing/Prop Spamming players is allowed to ensure that no further damage will be caused for the next 100+ seconds. This is an exception to Rule 4.
16. Do not Metagame: Metagaming means that you are using non-RP ways to get information during RP-ing. For example: Using OOC(Out of Character) chat to inform the cops that you are kidnapped and telling them where you are. Another example: Using no-collided cars to enter a base to find out how protected it is.
17. Do not FailRP: Do not do things that are impossible in real life. For example: Using physgun to get your car back from stealers, and a flying base with no support from the ground. Raiding by using drugs to fly.
18. You must follow FearRP: When someone is mugging you or point a gun at you, do not pull out your own gun or a knife to kill the mugger or anyone that poses a threat to your life, you must act frightened as in real life.
19. Do not abuse fading doors: Do not open then close the fading door just to kill someone, and do NOT close the fading door after someone cracked it. Using buttons to avoid this rule is NOT allowed.
20. Advert Mug, Steal and Raid: So when you kill someone, admins know that it's not RDM. And do it to tell everyone you are mugging, stealing our stuff. Mugging can only go up to $10,000 and must last at least 10 seconds before killing. You must also wait at least 1 second before killing someone when calling raid!
21. Do not health boost: Using drugs or any other way to health boost is not allowed. Anyone with HP that stays at 130 or more will be warned.
22. Do not Power-game: Do not drop the weapons/items you need from a class then switching to another class just to keep it.
23. Use English in OOC: This server contains many different people from many different countries, please use English as an international language, speaking in your own language in local chat is allowed.
24. No excessive offensive language: Keep swearing to the minimal.
25. Kidnapping cooldown: You are not allowed to kidnap a person that had been kidnapped for the past 10 minutes (if you are unsure ask them or if their being annoying ask an admin).
26. Kidnapping rules: Players may have a maximum of 5 person kidnapped at a time. Players may only hold their victim for 5 minutes without adverting, than you have to advert every 1min (or abouts) that you have them captive. Maximum time is 30minutes (**If you noticed that this was 16 congrats use "@" chat and say "I love gold" and you will get 50,000 for reading the rules)
27. Mug cooldown: You are not allowed to mug a person that had been mugged 10 minutes or less.
28. Do not war without admin permission: You are not allowed to have wars when you do not have an admin's permission. Wars cannot be auto-accepted and MUST be accepted by both the admins and the opponent. War can only last up to 30 minutes or time set by admin. If the accepting admin leaves the game during the war, the war MUST be stopped.
29. Do not Printer Bomb: Printer Bombs are not allowed as it is a cheap way of killing and raiding people.
30. Do not make props invisible: Do not make props invisible as it is a cheap way of cheating/fooling people into thinking that there are no props in the area. Unless it is a needed thing (Ask admin to verify it)
31. Do not impersonate staff members: You are not allowed to change your name as one of the staff members in Eugecus, you will be kicked/banned if you break this rule.
32. Do not use hacks or scripts: Do not use any kind of in-game modification that requires a lua bypass, it is unfair and ruins the RP experience.
33. Do not use any exploits: Do not use any abusive exploits, it is unfair and ruins the RP experience. See rules 27 & 36.
34. Do not camera spam: Do not spam your camera, it can be harmful in some cases, and annoying.
35. No invisible physguns: Do not set your physgun beam to invisible. If we catch you using invisible beam, you will be asked to change it. If you choose not to, you will be kicked. If using an invisible beam for the wrong reasons (propkill, trolling as admin) you will be banned with no warning.
36. Police Checkpoints: A maximum of 2 checkpoints may be made, police checkpoints must be near the PD or Police owned structures. 1 way props, and props that obstruct movement but can be shot through may not be used in checkpoints. A checkpoint may not be impassable there should be a way to sneak through or get around it, without using any special tools or weapons. Checkpoints may only be made by the Mayor or with Mayor permission. There must always be a SWAT or CP to open the fading door, if ever left unattended so people cannot gain passage, it may be removed.
37. Camera Blocking: If you are caught blocking cameras with a prop for any reason, it will be treated as propblock and FailRP.
38. Goverment officals have to have a vaild reason to carry out weapon checks.
39. NO AFK FARMING OF ANYTHING THAT GAINS MONEY (automoney collectors use at youre own risk, their not allowed and their not banned: take that how you will) 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Default Laws:
These are the laws in place when there is no Mayor or Law Board so people can stop complaining about RDA and RDM.
Raiding is AOS/KOS. (Only if seen by a CP or Swat or reported by an eyewitness or its the owners base, if its a "friend" collect proof they are in a steam call or likes or if his printers are in his base)
Mugging is AOS. (Only if seen by a CP or Swat or reported by an eyewitness)
Stealing is AOS. (Only if seen by a CP or Swat or reported by an eyewitness)
Kidnapping is AOS/KOS. (Only if seen by a CP or Swat or reported by an eyewitness)
Carjacking is AOS. (Only if seen by a CP or Swat or reported by an eyewitness)
Any thief action is AOS/KOS. (Only if seen by a CP or Swat or reported by an eyewitness)
Money Printers are AOS/KOS and will be destroyed or taken for evidence back to the police station. (Government officials may choose to take them and sell them at the PD. They are not allowed to take any money from them and any money printers must be given to the mayor to sell)
Harming other people in the town is AOS/KOS. (Only if seen by a CP or Swat or reported by an eyewitness)
Weapons larger than a pistol are AOS unless gun holder has gun license.
Any attempt to assassinate the mayor is KOS. (Only if seen by a CP or Swat or reported by an eyewitness)
Possession of drugs is AOS. (False weapon checking is not allowed)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basing Rules:

1. Fading doors must last for 4 seconds or above: Fading doors that do not last for 4 seconds or above might be deleted or warned by an admin.
2. Do not use double fading doors: Do not make double fading doors so raiders are trapped and waiting to be killed by the defenders.
3. Do not build in public areas: Do not block roads or anywhere that is available to public. If you want to build a base, build it inside a building. An exception to block public areas is that you own all buildings in that area, and that you have more than 6 members in your gang. You can build where ever you want in the subway/sewers, however if you want to take over the entire subway/sewers (making going in it KoS) you must own ALL entrances, and have a 6+ gang. Similar to taking over a portion of the map.
4. Do not build in other base's area: Do not build anything that touches the base/KOS line of bases that does not belong to you.
5. A maximum of 5 keypads are allowed on one door with only 1 having to be real.
6. KOS line cannot exceed the sidewalk: KOS line cannot cover the road. If you want your KOS line to cover the road, ask for an admin's permission. Also do not place a KOS line or sign until you are done building.
7. Do not make death boxes: Do not make boxes or walls that will give no chance to raiders to damage you. To make your defenses fair, if you can see and shoot the enemy, the enemy must be able to see and shoot you too.
8. Building on roofs requires staff permission. (Please remember the staff name)
9. Don't encase the props on them so they have no mobility.
10. Do not base in PD without the correct job: Do not base in PD if you are not a Mayor, a Civil Protection, a Civil Protection Chief, or a SWAT. (Secret Service IS NOT ALLOWED)
11. A maximum of 2 fading doors is allowed in the PD at one time.
12. Building signs: Building signs will disallow raiders' right to call raid/mug near or in your base. But as soon as you are shown to have weapons and/or valuables such as money printers and weapon shipments, your building sign will be voided and raiders' are allowed to raid you.
13. Loitering signs: You may have a loitering sign or line while you are building or basing to keep away annoyances (Min time allowed to put is 15secs with 2 warnings)
14. Megabases: Megabases are allowed (floor to roof) as long as it doesn't block off something that isn't yours like a staff roof or a road or another players base.
15. No slippery surfaces: Don't make sliding entrances or in general have a base that has sliding props that glide the player in one direction. This is for the entire PHX rail coaster section. (ex. Floors that are like ice that make you slide when you walk on it.)
16. Youre not allowed to base as a battle medic alone, you have to be hired by someone!
17. No Sky bases: Do not make bases that are floating in the sky the base has to have logical supports if you're unsure ask an admin.
18. No more than 4 fading doors per base: Do not make more than 4 fading doors for your base entrance. This rule exempts fading doors for safes aka raidable and shooting windows. (Just walkways!)
19. A maximum of 2 shooting windows are allowed per base.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Raiding Rules:

1. Do not return to raiding area after death: Attackers are not allowed to return to raiding area after death, defenders are allowed to return after their raider called over(ova) and 5 minutes of NLR passed.
2. Do not kill people who are not involved in the raid: I have been receiving reports of RDM where innocent people are getting killed when they are NEAR the raiding spot, is not in the crossfire, and is not involved in the raid at all. Attackers/defenders are NOT allowed to kill people who are not involved in the raid. However, the only exception to this rule is that an innocent was INSIDE the property of said spot.
3. Do not capture bases: Capturing bases are not allowed (no time limit for raids but please be logical)
4. City Takeovers: Can be done by taking over and controlling the PD for 20 minutes. Cops MAY ignore NLR in order to retake the PD. Should the Raiders succeed in controlling the PD for 20 minutes, an admin may switch the leader of the takeover to Mayor, and demote current Mayor(if applicable). Cops then MUST adhere NLR. And the Mayor(leader of the takeover) may appoint his/her member to be his bodyguards or police forces. An admin MUST be on the server to initiate a city takeover.
5. PD Takeovers: If there is no admin for a city takeover, you are only allowed to initiate PD takeovers which can only have a maximum period of up to 30 minutes. There must be at least 3 cp/swat/FBI to do a PD takeover otherwise it's unfair.
6. Takeovers must be valid: All takeovers must have a valid reason, for example having an arrested teammate or they have your printers (careful not to break NLR here). You may not do a takeover with a reason such as "f**k the police".
7. Do not build to raid: You are not allowed to build another base near the base you want to raid.
8. Do not use props: You are not allowed to use props at all during a raid. This rule is applied to PD takeovers. (signs are allowed as long as no swearing)
9. Raid Cooldown: You are not allowed to raid the same base for 10 minutes.
10. Healing: you may hire a battle medic, but once he dies there is to be no healing for the rest of the raid.
11. Maximum Raid Duration: You are not allowed to raid for over about 15-20mins it would be considered a takeover and base takeovers are not allowed.
12. Raid adverting: You must advert raid if you want to start one, however, the advert can be down the road (Must be within sight of base). Make sure you put raid assist for any assistance in raids (This includes for battle medics)
13. Raid Finishing: You must call Over(ova) when you have left the base.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Job Rules:

Citizen-
You are not allowed to raid.
You are not allowed to mug.
You are not allowed to steal.
You are not allowed to assassinate.
You are not allowed to base.

 Police-
You are only allowed to raid if there is a wanted man in their base or if you have a warrant against the owner of the base.
You are not allowed to mug.
You are not allowed to steal.
You are not allowed to assassinate.
You are not allowed to randomly warrant people.
You are not allowed to randomly want people.
NLR does not apply in PD only during TAKEOVERS.
You are not allowed to random weapon check. (You are only allowed to weapon check people if you have valid RP reason.)
You are not allowed to have a base outside of PD.
You must /ad the reason you arrested someone either before or right after your arrest(ed) them. ex. Suspect(<-Name of arrested) In Custody | (Reason for arrest)
You are allowed to create a maximum of two checkpoints on the map at a time and must have someone at them ALL THE TIME.

SWAT Jobs-
You are only allowed to raid if there is a wanted man in their base or if you have a warrant against the owner of the base.
You are not allowed to mug.
You are not allowed to steal.
You are not allowed to assassinate.
You are not allowed to randomly warrant people.
You are not allowed to randomly want people.
NLR does not apply in PD only during TAKEOVERS.
You are not allowed to random weapon check. (You are only allowed to weapon check people if you have valid RP reason.)
You are not allowed to have a base outside of PD.
You must /ad the reason you arrested someone either before or right after your arrest(ed) them. ex. Suspect(<-Name of arrested) In Custody | (Reason for arrest)
You are allowed to create a maximum of two checkpoints on the map at a time and must have someone at them ALL THE TIME.

Gun Dealer / Heavy Dealer-
You are allowed to give free guns.
You must have a shop for the public (no private dealer, etc. Mafia Dealer).
You are not allowed to raid.
You are not allowed to mug.
You are not allowed to steal.
You are not allowed to assassinate.
You are allowed to base with gangsters or mob boss (under admin permission).
You are not allowed to self-supply (1 gun is ok as long as its a single-handedd), if unsure ask admin)

Medic-
You are not allowed to raid.
You are not allowed to mug.
You are not allowed to steal.
You are not allowed to assassinate.
You are not allowed to heal people while they are raiding.
You should be open to the public at all times!

Battle Medic-
You are not allowed to raid by yourself
you are not allowed to mug by yourself
you are not allowed to steal by yourself
you are not allowed to assassinate
you can be hired for any amount you wish
you can raid only once every 5mins (regardless of who with) (**you are not allowed to raid the same base**)

Meth Cook-
You can be hired by players
You must have a base
You must be making meth
You are not allowed to raid
You are not allowed to mug
You are not allowed to steal
You are not allowed to assasinate

Mayor / Assistant -
You are only allowed to raid with your cop team if there is a wanted man in their base or if you have warrant against owner of the base.
You are not allowed to mug.
You are not allowed to steal.
You are not allowed to base outside of the PD.
You are not allowed to post Laws that will affect the default Laws.
You are not allowed to randomly warrant people.
You are not allowed to do random Lockdowns.
You are not allowed to randomly want people.
The Jaywalking law is prohibited.
Any law about how or where you walk is prohibited.
You are not allowed to enforce your own laws, I.E shooting people with guns, arresting them etc..
You cannot have extreme laws that completely inhibit RP. Examples include "KOS all Hobos" "Physgun is KOS" . The "extremeness" of the law can be valued by an admin if it is being complained about.

Homeless Person-
You may not set up gangs that have more than 5 people.
You are not allowed to raid.
You are only allowed to base in sidewalks, alleys, tunnels with a dead end, and tree houses.
You are not allowed to base with anyone besides other hobos.
You are not allowed to spawn Money Printers, but can steal or get it from other people.
You are allowed to have single-handed weapons.
You are allowed to play music through your mic. However, you are not allowed to intentionally follow others. You can play in one spot all you like, meaning if you are micspamming in someones store for example, you must leave.
You are allowed to mug for a maximum of $1000, every 5mins
You are allowed to steal (with advert, /ad Steal)

Hitman-
You are not allowed to raid (unless the suspect is in a base).
You are not allowed to mug.
You are not allowed to steal.
You are not allowed to have a hit on the same person for 10 minutes.
You are not allowed to get a hit from the same contact for 5 minutes.
You are not allowed to accept hits from other hitmen.

Security Guard-
You are not allowed to raid.
You are not allowed to mug.
You are not allowed to steal.
You are not allowed to assassinate.
You are allowed to work for anyone.
You are encouraged to work for the police and base in the PD with them.
You are not allowed to base alone. You must base with an employer.

Thief-
You are allowed to Raid with Advert (/ad Raid)
You are allowed to PD Raid with Advert (/ad PD Raid)
You are allowed to Bank Raid with Advert (/ad Bank Raid)
You are allowed to Mug with Advert (/ad Mug _(amount)_)
You are allowed to base with anyone crime person you want
You are not allowed to raid or mug with organisations or gangs
You are not allowed to build in the streets (ask admin if unsure)
You are not allowed to place props while raiding, We have logs ;)

Organisations-
You are allowed to Raid with Advert (/ad Raid) and you have to be with your gang!
You are allowed to PD Raid with Advert (/ad PD Raid) and you have to be with your gang!
You are allowed to Bank Raid with Advert (/ad Bank Raid) and you have to be with your gang!
You are allowed to Mug with Advert (/ad Mug _(amount)_) and you have to be with your gang!
You are allowed to base on anyone crime person you want and you have to be with your gang!
You are not allowed to raid or mug with theives or other crime jobs!
You are not allowed to build in the streets (ask admin if unsure)
You are not allowed to place props while raiding, We have logs ;)
